---
Chuck's Dream: Squawk
band: Spafford
city: Red Bank
date: '2025-06-15'
layout: default
rating: null
show_number: '4'
state: NJ
tags: null
tour: 2025 Summer
venue: The Vogel
---

<article class="show-card">
    <header class="show-header">
        <h1>The Vogel - Red Bank, NJ</h1>
        <div class="show-meta">
            {{ page.date | date: "%B %d, %Y" }}
            {% if page.tour %} • {{ page.tour }}{% endif %}
            {% if page.show_number %} • Show #{{ page.show_number }}{% endif %}
        </div>
    </header>
    
    <div class="setlist-content">
<h3 class="setlist-header"><strong>Set 1:</strong>  Fuel (5), Todd's Tots (20), War of Man (16) > Virtual Bean Dip (18)</h3>
<p class="chucks-dream"><strong>Chuck's Dream:</strong> <em>** Squawk</em></p>
<h3 class="setlist-header"><strong>Set 2:</strong>  Galisteo Way (20) > Duncan's Uncle (16) -> Anyone (21) > Duncan's Uncle (4), Run Like Hell (11)</h3>
<h3 class="setlist-header"><strong>Encore:</strong>  Double Time (8)</h3>
<hr class="section-divider">
<p class="setlist-content">- This was the fourth show of the 2025 Summer Tour and the band's first appearance in Red Bank. Virtual Bean Dip contained a Run Like Hell tease from Brian and xxxx "We just gotta go and bus it over, we're counting on them" samples from Cory. Anyone contained a Super Shy (NewJeans) tease from Cory.</p>
<p class="setlist-content">Really nice sequencing with this setlist, evident with the entire first set and the Duncan's Uncle sandwich. This first set absolutely flew by. Todd's Tots shows off some skill, but then they hit their stride and fill the last half of the set with some of the smoothest mechanical and syncopated jamming this tour. They are seriously on fire lately. Galisteo Way opens up the second set... and Duncan's Uncle (with it's home-state appearance!) taps into more focused, dancey jamming that builds nicely into Anyone, which is easily one of their best covers. This version quickly makes its way onto a galactic dancefloor, bursts with energy, then hits a swanky, funky groove that rotates with pace. Just an hour of prime Spafford.</p>
<hr class="section-divider">
<p class="show-metadata"><strong>MVP:</strong>  Cory, but everyone's going home with a medal tonight.</p>
<p class="show-metadata"><strong>Highlights:</strong></p>
<p class="show-metadata"><strong>Heavy Rotation:</strong>  War of Man > Virtual Bean Dip, Galisteo Way, Duncan's Uncle -> Anyone, Duncan's Uncle</p>
    </div>
</article>